Ceph: Toleration for <NotReady> nodes set to 5 seconds (#4343)
rook/rook: PendingReleaseNotes.md

- PriorityClassNames can now be added to the Rook/Ceph components to influence the scheduler's pod preemption.
  - mgr/mon/osd/rbdmirror: [priority class names configuration settings](Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md#priority-class-names-configuration-settings)
  - filesystem: [metadata server settings](Documentation/ceph-filesystem-crd.md#metadata-server-settings)
  - rgw: [gateway settings](Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md#gateway-settings)
  - nfs: [samples](Documentation/ceph-nfs-crd.md#samples)

> - New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_LAPSE`(5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting a unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8 as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_LAPSE`(5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller will move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting an unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8s as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.
```

Author: fixed.thx!

> - New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_LAPSE`(5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting a unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8 as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.

Reviewer: Why are NFS-Ganesha pods skipped in this PR?

Author: Because i forget to include it. Thanks for the finding!!

> - New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_LAPSE`(5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller will move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting an unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, nfs, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8s as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.

Reviewer 2: @jmolmo Why not call this `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_SECONDS`? Then it would match the K8s setting `UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_SECONDS`. We don't really need the flexibility for other units besides seconds. It's just a minor simplification, but I agree with @BlaineEXE that it would be more readable.

Author: Changed! :-)

> Now the total amount of time to reschedule Rook pods in healthy nodes before detecting a `not ready node` condition will be the sum of `node-monitor-grace-period` (40 seconds by default) and `UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_SECONDS` (5 seconds by default)

Reviewer: Please indicate that `node-monitor-grace-period` is a kubernetes setting and what k8s component it is a setting for.

Author: Thanks. Better in this way :-)

- Device Filtering made configurable for the user by adding an environment variable, and also by keeping the default filters intact
  - A new environment variable `DISCOVER_DAEMON_UDEV_BLACKLIST` is added through which the user can blacklist the devices
  - If no device is specified, the default values will be used to blacklist the devices

> - New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_SECONDS`(5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller will move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting an unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, nfs, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8s as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- New CR property available in the Operator: `ROOK_UNREACHABLE_NODE_TOLERATION_SECONDS` (5 seconds by default). Represents the time to wait until the node controller will move Rook pods to other nodes after detecting an unreachable node. Pods affected by this setting are: mgr, rbd, mds, rgw, nfs, PVC based mons and osds, and ceph toolbox. The value used in this variable replaces the default value of 300 seconds added automatically by k8s as Pod Toleration for `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable`.
```

Author: thx!

    - Preexisting disks provisioned as `Filestore` OSDs will remain as `Filestore` OSDs
- RGWs:
  - Ceph Object Gateway are automatically configured to not run on the same host if hostNetwork is activated

> - Device Filtering made configurable for the user by adding an environment variable, and also by keeping the default filters intact

Reviewer 2: Looks like you had some extra notes remaining after resolving a merge conflict

Author: Sorry. Solved. Thx!
